What was the skeleton doing at the hockey game?
Why are skeletons so calm?
Why didn’t the skeleton go to the dance?
What do you call a skeleton with no friends?
What’s a skeleton’s favorite plant?
Why can’t skeletons play church music?
What do you call a skeleton who goes out in the snow?
Why didn’t the skeleton laugh at the joke?
What does a skeleton order at a restaurant?
How do French skeletons say hello?
What do you call a skeleton who rings the doorbell?
Who won the skeleton beauty contest?
What did one skeleton say to the other skeleton?
Why didn’t the skeleton play football?
Why did the skeleton go to jail?
Why did the skeleton start a fight?
What did the skeleton say to his girlfriend?
When does a skeleton laugh?
What do you call a skeleton who goes to school but doesn’t do any work?
Why do skeletons hate the cold?
What do you call a skeleton snake?
How did the skeleton know it was going to rain?
Did you hear about the skeleton who dropped out of medical school?
What happened to the skeleton who sat by the fire too long?
What kind of TV does a skeleton watch?
What happened to the pirate ship that sank in a sea full of sharks?
Why are skeletons so good at telling jokes?
What kind of dishes do skeletons serve tea on?
What is a skeleton’s favorite mode of transport?
What does a skeleton fly in if his scare-plane isn’t available?
What do skeletons say when they set off to sea?
What type of candy sent the skeleton to the hospital?
What do skeletons hate the most about the wind?
Why didn’t the skeleton rob the bank?
What is a skeleton’s favorite instrument?
What’s a skeleton’s second favorite instrument?
What is a skeleton’s favorite type of film to watch?
Why did the skeleton climb up the tree?
Who is the most famous French skeleton?
What did the skeleton say to the vampire?
Who is the most famous skeleton detective?
What did the doctor say to the skeleton who had a temperature of 103 degrees?
What’s a skeleton’s favorite rock band?
What kind of fish do skeletons like to eat?
What’s a skeleton’s next favorite rock band?
Why did the skeleton go to the dance?
What is half the diameter of a skeletal circle?
Why did the skeleton student stay late at school?
What do bony people use to get into their homes?
What do you call a skeleton who hangs out in coffee shops and listens to indie music?
What is a skeleton’s favorite thing to do with their cell phone?
Why couldn’t the police arrest the skeleton?
How did the skeleton know the other skeleton was lying?
What Spanish food do skeletons enjoy most?
What did the skeleton say when he went riding on his motorcycle?
Why did the skeleton go to the hospital?
What do you call a lie told by a skeleton?
What did the skeleton say to his wife?
What job on a construction site is best suited to a skeleton?
What’s a skeleton’s least favorite room in the house?
How did skeletons send mail back in the olden days?
How much does an elephant skeleton weigh?
What type of art do skeletons like?
What do skeletons complain about?
Why do skeletons drink so much milk?
Why did the skeleton go to acting classes?
Where do bad jokes about skeletons belong?
Why can’t skeletons fly over Area 51?
What kind of pasta do skeletons enjoy eating the most?
Who is a skeleton’s favorite female movie star?
What does a skeleton use to cut through objects?
What kind of jokes do skeletons tell?
What kind of birds do skeletons like?